well where do I start ten years ago a
bunch of us got together started racing
around go kart tracks with our children
over the past ten years this series has
not only grown regionally done
provincially done nationally and now all
the way out to Ontario so this little
this little club that was out to have
fun has grown into a big club and a
serious serious
we have plenty of leathers and boots and
everything that you'll need to start out
this is not you know go buy a thousand
dollars worth of stuff just to try
something out this is come and see if
you like it we're going to make it fun
for you and see if you enjoy it first
and then if it becomes one of your
passions then we will support you in
that and everything is here for you to
start out
we're out here with our children you're
seeing entire families here around the
track competing not only with each other
but against each other we have literally
changed the face of road racing in
Canada become you come over to our
series seven years old 270 so far we've
had three generations racing on the
track at the same time they've ladies
men children and all the above competing
together regionally and now nationally
we've joined hands with Canadian
superbike and support the CBR Cup Series
and through amateur sport grants we have
been able to support the kids in all the
rounds across Canada the secret here
everybody asked me what what's the
secret of mini road racing how many how
we get all these pieces of young
superstars which they grow up to the
ambassadors of the sport well started at
seven make it fun make it competitive
and challenging for the children they
grow up here in an environment of
competition camaraderie to grow up with
very clean healthy adults and it's a
very safe family sport as well so these
kids grow up you know starting at seven
years old by time they're 10 and 11
they're racing with full-blown Superbike
champions on the mini tracks across
western canada I guess that would be the
secret of gasping we give a kid an
opportunity to run up with the front
runner he's going to absorb that that
skill level and take it to another level
it truly is your children it is cook our
sport to another level all these adults
will accredit the children for making
them faster around this track so we've
we've been a part of course Bret
McCormick running an AMA Superbike
series he started with our series as
well out of Saskatoon Saskatchewan
Cody Matichuk doing very well and you'll
see on with the Superbike weekend he'll
be one of the frontrunners modi ed young
14 year olds going directly to two is
600 at just 14 Royce mcclain the
youngest period in the world at 14 went
super vibration so so we've we've
changed the face of road racing we're
quite proud of it
you